My father always taught me that we need a God in our life in order for there to be peace.
And he always wanted to know, can Christians go to war?
How is this consistent with the gospel of Jesus Christ?
But the pastor could never give us an answer.
And so I thought I'd have to look to politics to find it.
A lot of peace movements were being formed at that time, so I joined one of them.
We decided where the protest marches would be, which pamphlets we would use.
But after the protests were over, everyone was so excited.
And they all started applauding and cheering for the leaders.
I thought, that's not what I wanted.
I don't want to honor people.
I want to have world peace.
And that still hasn't happened yet.
Then I started to feel very alone.
And it made me feel unsafe in this world.
With no peace in sight, I thought, what is the purpose of life?
While visiting friends for coffee, I saw a man I'd never met before.
My friends told me he wanted to talk to us about the Bible.
So I asked him, sir, what do you think?
Can Christians join the military?
And the man said, no, that's not allowed because the Bible says you should love your enemy.
It made me think about what my father always said, that when he got to bring peace, then
a really nice lady came to my door and she had an orange book in her hand.
And it said, true peace and security, after reading it, I thought, this is it.
This is the organization that truly wants peace.
So I went to those involved in the peace movement.
I told them that I believe that God will change this world into a beautiful earth where
they'll be true peace.
They all looked at me like I had lost my mind.
I was so happy with my new life.
I felt like I was part of a family who truly cared about one another and really wanted peace
with each other.
Isaiah 14 verse 7 had a major impact on my life because there are God promises, a calm
and peaceful world.